
Terms & Conditions

The Loop Lofts’ sound and loop products may only be used pursuant to the terms and conditions enforced by The Loop Loft, Inc. By purchasing products sold under thelooploft.com, you automatically become bound to the terms of the License Agreement:

All sounds and/or sound libraries purchased from The Loop Loft, Inc. are licensed, not sold, to you by The Loop Loft, Inc. The Loop Loft, Inc is the exclusive copyright holder and licensor of all sounds and/or sound libraries purchased from The Loop Loft, Inc websites. By purchasing sounds from The Loop Loft, Inc you are granted a non-exclusive right/license to incorporate The Loop Loft’s sounds in sync and within audio, visual, or multimedia productions and compositions. Audio, visual, and multimedia productions and compositions that qualify include film productions, television programs, radio/tv advertisements, website media, video game production, business presentations, album productions, artist promotions, and soundtracks – royalty free. However, The Loop Loft Inc products cannot be used in any productions or compositions for any Sound and/or Loop libraries whatsoever.

Following these guidelines entitles you, the licensee, to use The Loop Loft Inc sound libraries without additional royalties, license fees, or any other fees due to The Loop Loft, Inc. You may not distribute, sell, rent, lease, sublicense, assign, or otherwise transfer any of The Loop Loft, Inc. sounds except as incorporated in an audio, visual, or multimedia production. You may not distribute The Loop Lofts’ sounds, either in native format or reformatted, filtered, re-synthesized or otherwise edited, for use as sounds, multi-sounds, samples, multi-samples, programs or patches in a sampler, sample playback unit, website, compact disc, DVD, or computer. You may not distribute The Loop Lofts’ sounds independently of an audio, visual, or multimedia production. Additionally, you may not use The Loop Lofts’ sound/loop products for the promotion and/or production of any competing products or services.

All publications authored and written by The Loop Loft Inc including, but not limited to, music production tips & techniques articles, music production ebooks, and music production tutorial videos are the exclusive copyrighted properties of The Loop Loft Inc. If you are interested in re-publishing or distributing The Loop Loft Inc’s music production publications, you must contact The Loop Loft Inc directly in writing to request Copyright Clearance for any and all The Loop Loft publications before re-publishing rights may be granted.

As a purchaser of product and bound to The Loop Loft, Inc’s Terms, you agree all information you provide to The Loop Loft, Inc. is completely accurate. You will not disclose access codes or passwords used in accessing any area of the thelooploft.com website to any other party and will respect The Loop Lofts’ brand by truthfully holding such information as exclusive and confidential. You agree to exercise due diligence and maintain strict safeguards on all sound libraries purchased from The Loop Loft, Inc to prevent unauthorized use or distribution thereof. If you become aware of any unauthorized use or distribution of The Loop Loft, Inc property, you shall immediately notify The Loop Loft, Inc. via email at support [a|t] thelooploft [d|o|t] com.
